#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Python Homework 1
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
if you have questions email me! meshko@gmail.com
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Take a look at some Python commands which work with lists here (some of
 these things we talked about, some will be new to you): 
\begin_inset Newline linebreak
\end_inset

https://github.com/meshko/pintro/blob/master/hw1/lists.py
\begin_inset Newline linebreak
\end_inset

Try to guess what will happen when you run them and then try actually running
 them.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
You have a list: [4, 2, 3, 5, 12, 8, 21].
 Write a Python command which calculates the sum of all the numbers in this
 list except the first one and last one (so in this case sum of all numbers
 except 4 and 21)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
You can mix different things in a list! For example, [1, 'Masha', 2, 'Ana',
 3, 'Misha'].
 Play with a list like that.
 What commands work on it and what do not.
 If something doesn't work, can you explain why?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
We have seen lists of numbers, like this: [1, 2, 5] and lists of “strings”
 (words), like this: [“Ana”, “Anya”, “Masha”].
 Can you think of something else we can put into a list? Can you make a
 list of...
 ?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
We played with dictionaries.
 Dictionaries have keys and values.
 For example, {'fish': 2, 'ice cream': 3, 'coffee': 12}.
 We created a dictionary and stored our friends' names and ages in it.
 Can you think of another example of something that would be nice to store
 in a dictionary? Make some nice dictionaries please!
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
